What's up everybody? Welcome to your
daily digest for Friday, April 18th,
where we bring you fact-based,
non-sensational, objective information
about what's going on in the broader
crypto space. Today, we're kicking off
with the DeFi Education Fund advocating
for SEC Commissioner Hester P's safe
harbor rule. The safe harbor rule
essentially outlines a way for projects
in the US to create a blockchain project
and also launch a token while giving
them a handful of years to fully
decentralized so that the tokens are not
viewed as securities but as commodities.
A safe harbor will allow projects to
safely operate while the long-term
legislation and regul regulatory
processes play out in Congress. So this
would allow the regulatory agency to
regulate while our elected officials
create laws that we all have to abide by
when it comes to market structure and
blockchain projects. In other news, last
quarter stable coin transactions
outpaced Visa payments. Here is a cool
nifty little graph that shows Visa
transactions in or Visa payments, sorry,
in green and stable coin transactions
just rising up and to the right uh over
time. And as we saw in
2024, more stable coins were used for
transactions than Visa was for
transactions on that network. And just a
quick overview of what's going on in the
broader stable coin space. There are
currently
2727.4 billion worth of stable coins and
the overwhelming majority live on
Ethereum.
Crypto exchange EXCH is going to shut
down amidst money laundering accusations
that the exchange was used to launder
tokens from the bybit hack that happened
um last month which was the largest hack
ever in the history of any financial
anything at $ 1.5
billion. RIP to
EXCH. And in other hacking news, the
decentralized exchange Kiloex had $7.5
million of tokens stolen and the hacker
returned them all. So now the hacker is
going to receive a 10% reward of the
covered amount and be viewed as a white
hat and will not have uh the police and
other jur global jurisdictions on his
case. So, congrats to all involved on a
successful theft and return of
funds. Synthetics is an over
collateralized stable coin provider and
they have recently seen a massive DPEG
of their stable coin from $1 to
68. However, that is all part of the
play of the stable coin. It is supposed
to be a volatility reduced coin and not
necessarily a stable coin that is
forever pegged at $1. In the interim
since this article was released
yesterday and today, we have already
seen a rebound in the SUSD price as it's
now hovering around 82 cents at 83
cents. So, nature is healing itself. In
USbased news, we have three cool pieces
of state news. First, boo. Oregon is uh
suing Coinbase after the SEC dropped its
federal lawsuit. And Coinbase uh head
legal stated that essentially the Oregon
case is a copy pasta case of the SEC's
case that was brought under Chair
Gendler that was dropped by the SEC.
And Paul Greywall says, "This type of
political jockeying is an embarrassing
waste of Oregon taxpayer dollars. Not
sure why the state is already going
after a case that was dropped by the
feds." Wyoming is also looking at
whether its stable coin is covered by
SEC rules. This is just to point out
that we're now in the part of the game
where states are exploring launching
their own stable coins and they want to
make sure if their proposed stable coin
structures match up to what the feds and
the regulators are looking into. So keep
your ears to the ground for the stable
act and the Genius Act that are going
through Congress as well as the SEC's
outlook on stable coins. And second to
last, Arizona crypto reserve bill has
passed house committee. This means that
Arizona is one step closer to
establishing a Bitcoin strategic
reserve. However, I do want to caveat
that the governor, Kate Hobbes, has
recently been vetoing bipartisan bills.
So, I wouldn't be clamoring yet that the
state is going to buy our bags. However,
on the flip side of the coin, all of
these states in the US are currently
going through some sort of Bitcoin or
crypto strategic reserve bills. Some are
further along than others, and it makes
me sad to not see the lovely state of
Colorado included in this list. And
lastly, shout out to Arbitum, the first
L2 network that has exceeded $300
billion in trading volume on the Uniswap
protocol, which allows you to swap
tokens without going through a
centralized or custodial exchange like
Coinbase, Kraken, or the others. So,
shout out to the L2. If you appreciated
this video, please don't hesitate to hit
that heart button and to slap me with
the follow. And please, if you want to
keep up to date with what's going on,
head over to our subreddit
r/smart economy podcast to keep up with
all of the daily digests, our weekly
spaces, and our podcast episodes that we
release twice a month. Have a great
weekend. Have a great weekend, and see
you next week.